Here's another demo where I'm using a set
of two CSS animations to emulate typing.
This is common in some types of websites
where you want to apply it to headings and
have this progressive reveal
one character at a time.
Right now,
the length of the heading is hard coded
which doesn't make it very reusable.
I mean I could override some
inline styles to reuse it but
I would need to override
a bunch of things.
I will need to override the width,
I would need to override the transition
to the animation duration,
I would need to override the steps.
It's messy.
However, all we really need to pass to
the CSS here is the content length.
And we can do this with
something like this.
We can go over all the elements
that have a typing class and
just read the length and write it.
It's a little more involved if you have
like crazy Unicode characters, but
the main idea is there.
All we need to do is set the length
property to how many characters do we
actually have?
It gets a little bit more complicated
if the content can change after load.
If the user can modify it or
if it can change in response to something,
then you would need to
use mutation observers.
It's still doable.
It's a little bit more tricky.
But the simple case is where you have
headings that don't actually change you
load them.
That's the content they will have for
the entire lifetime of the page.
So let's try to apply that.
And right now nothing
applies to the JavaScript.
So we're gonna go here and copy this.
And we're gonna go here and run it.
And now I should be able to go here and
do, length times 1 CH and
it seems to work lovely.
And similarly.
Basically I should replace all
these 25's with var length.
And now I can apply it to any heading
that I want without having to
customize any inline styles